chore(curriculum): add working with colors transcripts (#58479)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-working-with-colors-in-css/672bc5344330d7bee2f9c2ed.md

# --description--

Watch the video or read the transcript and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

What are hex color values, and how do they work in CSS?

When working with CSS to style a webpage, one of the most common methods for defining colors is by using hex color values. Hexadecimal color values, or hex codes, are a concise way to represent colors in the RGB color model. In this lecture, we'll explore what hex codes are, how they work in CSS, and when to use them.

A hex code (short for hexadecimal code) is a six-character string used to represent colors in the RGB color model. The "hex" refers to the base-16 numbering system, which uses digits `0` to `9` and letters `A` to `F`. 

> In the context of colors, hex codes specify the amounts of red, green, and blue (RGB) that make up a particular color. Each hex code starts with a hash `#` symbol, followed by six characters that define the intensity of red, green, and blue in the color. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of colors, hex codes specify the amounts of red, green, and blue (RGB) that make up a particular color. Each hex code starts with a hash symbol (`#` ), followed by six characters that define the intensity of red, green, and blue in the color. 
```

A hex code (short for hexadecimal code) is a six-character string used to represent colors in the RGB color model. The "hex" refers to the base-16 numbering system, which uses digits `0` to `9` and letters `A` to `F`. 

In the context of colors, hex codes specify the amounts of red, green, and blue (RGB) that make up a particular color. Each hex code starts with a hash `#` symbol, followed by six characters that define the intensity of red, green, and blue in the color. 

For example, the hex code for black is `#000000`, and the hex code for white is `#FFFFFF`. The first two characters represent the red value, the next two represent green, and the last two represent blue.

In CSS, you can apply colors to elements by using hex codes. Here is the basic syntax:

```css
element {
  color: #RRGGBB;
}
```

Here, `#RRGGBB` is a placeholder for the actual hex code. The `RR`, `GG`, and `BB` pairs each represent the intensity of red, green, and blue, respectively. 

> These pairs can range from `00` (the lowest intensity) to `FF` (the highest intensity). The higher the number, the more of that color will be present in the final mix. For example, let’s apply some hex colors to a few elements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These pairs can range from `00` (the lowest intensity) to `FF` (the highest intensity). The higher the number, the more of that color will be present in the final mix. For example, let's apply some hex colors to a few elements:
```
